So there's lots of alternatives to
Parcel we talked about most of them so
if that's your thing feel
free to hop into those.
One last configuration before we can pop
into writing JSX is in your package.JSON.
As a top level kind of, configuration
item here, I want you to create
a one called browsers, again, with an s,
make sure you put the s there.
I'm gonna say one more time,
browsers, plural, list.
Not browser list, browser's list.
Okay?
And we're just gonna tell Parcel
what browsers we're targeting.
So in our case, we're just writing
dev code, this is for fun,
we're not shipping it to anyone.
So we're just gonna say something
like last 2 Chrome versions.
Obviously, don't write this for
your production website,
this would cover 15% of
the general population.
Generally, fairly small
demographic to target.
But this is not gonna transform
very much for your code.
It's gonna leave most as it is, because
modern Chrome understands most things.
I mean I put Chrome here but obviously I'm
using Firefox, you can put Firefox here
as well, you can put both of them,
you can put, whatever you want here.
But this is what I put when I'm
just doing developer stuff is,
don't transform most of it.
Specifically the reason why I want you
to do this is we don't wanna include
regenerator.
Which if you're going for really old
browsers like IE8 or things like that,
it'll includes things that will polyfill,
async/await and generators and
things like that, which is a huge library
and it's problematic to deal with.
So just include this.
If you see something later in the course
it says regenerator runtime not found,
it's this that's messed up,
delete your cache,
delete your dist directory,
maybe reinstall your node modules.
And then run it again with browsers list
here, and that should fix that problem.
You can go to browserslist.dev, I'll just
show you that really quick so you can see.
That's here in browsers list,
this will actually help you kind of
select what version you want and
it'll show you how many of the general
populace that you are covering.
And you can put in select here we
put in last 2 Chrome versions and
you can see here we're covering
16% of the population.
There's some great,
it's last two versions not dead,
greater than 0.25% market share.
There's a fancy string that you can get
to include 99% of the population and
still get fairly modern browsers.
I'll let you all look that up in your
spare time cuz I don't remember it off
the top my head.
But this has passed into both Parcel and
PostCSS to make sure that they're
compiling for the right targets.
My last spiel on that is that you should
not base that on something that's
on Stack Overflow, you should go figure
out who your users are on your website and
then target them.
And you should be targeting greater
than 98%, greater than 99% hopefully.
So we have reached in the site or
in the course
here if we go back, 02 or 02-js-tools.
So, if you've fallen behind here or
you want the complete set of of all
the developer tools, just start from
this kind of, jumping off point.